update web pages for tabbed examples (#670)
RedisBloom/RedisBloom: docs/docs/bloom-filter.md

- Very fast and efficient way to do a common operation 
- No need to invest in expensive infrastructure  

## Example

Consider a bike manufacturer that makes a million different kinds of bikes and you'd like to avoid using a duplicate model name in new models. A bloom filter can be used to detect duplicates. In the example that follows,  you'll create a filter with space for a million entries and with a 0.1% error rate. Add one model name and check if it exists. Then add multiple model names and check if they exist.

{{< clients-example bf_tutorial bloom >}}
> BF.RESERVE bikes:models 0.001 1000000
OK
> BF.ADD bikes:models "Smoky Mountain Striker"
(integer) 1
> BF.EXISTS bikes:models "Smoky Mountain Striker"
(integer) 1
> BF.MADD bikes:models "Rocky Mountain Racer" "Cloudy City Cruiser" "Windy City Wippet"
1) (integer) 1
2) (integer) 1
3) (integer) 1
> BF.MEXISTS bikes:models "Rocky Mountain Racer" "Cloudy City Cruiser" "Windy City Wippet"
1) (integer) 1
2) (integer) 1
3) (integer) 1
{{< /clients-example >}}

> Note: there is always a chance that even with just a few items, there could be a collision, yielding a false positive.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if 'collision' is clear here. You need to understand how a Bloom filter works to understand what collision means, and probably we don't want to explain it here. I would change it to "there could be a false positive" (and maybe this term should be explained here as well).

Author: @dwdougherty as well - how does "Note: there is always a chance that even with just a few items, there could be a false positive, meaning an item could "exist" even though it has not been explicitly added to the Bloom filter. For a more in depth understanding of the probabilistic nature of a Bloom filter, check out the blog posts linked at the bottom of this page."

Reviewer 2: LGTM

> ## Reserving Bloom filters

Reviewer: Bloom is always with a capital 'B' (named after Burton Howard Bloom).

- Very fast and efficient way to do a common operation 
- No need to invest in expensive infrastructure  

## Example:

If we're making a million different kinds of bikes, we'd prefer to not use a model model name rather than have a duplicate.
So we'll create a new filter and say we'll be inserting 1,000,000 things and we want a 0.1% error rate.
We'll add one model name, and check if it exists. Then we'll add multiple model names and check if they exist.

{{< clients-example bf_tutorial bloom >}}
> BF.RESERVE bikes:models 0.001 1000000
OK
> BF.ADD bikes:models "Smoky Mountain Striker"
(integer) 1
> BF.EXISTS bikes:models "Smoky Mountain Striker"
(integer) 1
> BF.MADD bikes:models "Rocky Mountain Racer" "Cloudy City Cruiser" "Windy City Wippet"
1) (integer) 1
2) (integer) 1
3) (integer) 1
> BF.MEXISTS bikes:models "Rocky Mountain Racer" "Cloudy City Cruiser" "Windy City Wippet"
1) (integer) 1
2) (integer) 1
3) (integer) 1
{{< /clients-example >}}

> There is always a chance that even with this few items, there's a collision and we get a false positive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: there is always a chance that even with just a few items, there could be a collision, yielding a false positive.
```
